README.md, before:

[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/92ae5552eeceac6cd893/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Ramon3162/My-Diary/maintainability)  [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Ramon3162/My-Diary.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/Ramon3162/My-Diary) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Ramon3162/My-Diary/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/Ramon3162/My-Diary?branch=develop)

## My-Diary

Andela Developer Challenge (Cohort 30)

## Description

It is an API that enables CRUD functionality for creating, viewing, editing, and deeting diary entries.

## Prerequisites

* Python 3.6 or later
* Git 
* PostgreSQL
* Virtualenv
* Postman
* Pytest

## Development

Clone the repository:

```git clone https://github.com/Ramon3162/My-Diary.git```


Create a virtual environment and activate it.[Refer here](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html)

## Dependencies
- Install the project dependencies in the environment:
> $ pip install -r requirements.txt

- Create a postgres database to use with the application.

- Create a .env file following the examples given in the .env.var file and add all the required environment variables to run the application.

- Populate the environment with the variables in the .env file

> $ source .env

After setting up the above, run.

```python run.py```

## API endpoints

Test | API-endpoint | HTTP-Verb
------------ | -------------- | ------------ 
User can create a diary entry | /api/v1/entries | POST
User can view all diary entries | /api/v1/entries | GET
User can view a single diary entry | /api/v1/entries/<entry_id> | GET
User can update a diary entry | /api/v1/entries/<entry_id> |PUT
User can delete a diary entry | /api/v1/entries/<entry_id> | DELETE
User can create an account | /auth/signin | POST
User can log into the account | /auth/login | POST

## Testing
Test the endpoints using Postman or curl

*this readme will be updated periodically*

## Author

*Ian Omondi*

## Acknowledgement

*Andela Kenya*

Commit message:

Update the README file with the link to the API's documentation

README.md, after:

[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/92ae5552eeceac6cd893/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Ramon3162/My-Diary/maintainability)  [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Ramon3162/My-Diary.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/Ramon3162/My-Diary) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Ramon3162/My-Diary/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/Ramon3162/My-Diary?branch=develop)

## My-Diary

Andela Developer Challenge (Cohort 30)

## Description

It is an API that enables CRUD functionality for creating, viewing, editing, and deeting diary entries.

## Prerequisites

* Python 3.6 or later
* Git 
* PostgreSQL
* Virtualenv
* Postman
* Pytest

## Development

Clone the repository:

```git clone https://github.com/Ramon3162/My-Diary.git```


Create a virtual environment and activate it.[Refer here](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html)

## Dependencies
- Install the project dependencies in the environment:
> $ pip install -r requirements.txt

- Create a postgres database to use with the application.

- Create a .env file following the examples given in the .env.var file and add all the required environment variables to run the application.

- Populate the environment with the variables in the .env file

> $ source .env

After setting up the above, run.

```python run.py```

- Documentation on how the API endpoinst work can be found [here](https://mydiary9.docs.apiary.io/#)
## API endpoints

Test | API-endpoint | HTTP-Verb
------------ | -------------- | ------------ 
User can create a diary entry | /api/v1/entries | POST
User can view all diary entries | /api/v1/entries | GET
User can view a single diary entry | /api/v1/entries/<entry_id> | GET
User can update a diary entry | /api/v1/entries/<entry_id> |PUT
User can delete a diary entry | /api/v1/entries/<entry_id> | DELETE
User can create an account | /auth/signin | POST
User can log into the account | /auth/login | POST

## Testing
Test the endpoints using Postman or curl

*this readme will be updated periodically*

## Author

*Ian Omondi*

## Acknowledgement

*Andela Kenya*
